http://townhall.com/columnists/dennisprager/2017/02/14/note-to-the-left-four-years-ago-conservatives-were-just-as-depressed-n2285519

This is classic Prager condescension. And it's chock full of one-off lines that are blatantly false. Maybe Prager doesn't know the right as well as he thinks. Maybe he just forgot 2012.

What I honestly cannot understand is how Prager could spend 8 years speaking about the excesses of Obama and still have blood in his face while he says nothing about Trump now.

This isn't butthurt coming from the left. Most people don't give two craps about Hillary. People see parallels to fascists down through history in Trump. That's what depresses them. They've read George Orwell. They've been paying attention to North Korea. They've seen what happens when a government targets the press.

I would expect Prager, who has preached about fascists for over 30 years, to see the fascist before his eyes. Trump doesn't have to be clever to be a fascist. He can bluster his way into it using nothing more than his ignorance and his anger.

What's depressing is to see Lamar Smith stand up and say "Better to get your news directly from the President. In fact, it might be the only way to get the unvarnished truth." and see no Republicans fight that mentality. Maybe they do, and it's just my bubble that doesn't bring their valiant efforts to my attention.

Prager's at his most accurate when he says the left doesn't understand the right.

So I'll put myself in Prager's place: 

Obama damaged our power internationally. He doubled the national debt. He put people on government assistance. How could anyone be worse than Obama? Well, I'm Dennis Prager and I can tell you that Trump is worse. Trump parades government secrets in front of anyone who walks by at his Mar-A-Lago resort. I'm Dennis and I don't want the President putting my country in danger because he wants to show off. 

I'm Dennis Prager and I cannot in good conscience abide by a President who uses private email servers and an unsecured Android phone while conducting presidential matters. A President must take the advice of his security team for the good of the nation. Because he understands the ramifications of unsecured devices.

I'm Dennis Prager and my American values include the freedom of the press. In my America the President doesn't advocate against Nordstrom. And his lackeys do not advocate for family businesses on national television. An American President would know how that looks. An American president wouldn't attack the press for not agreeing with him. I hated it when Obama sniped at Fox News and I hate this.

I'm Dennis Prager and in my America, the President reads his own executive orders before he appoints a news editor to the highest position on the National Security Counsel.

I'm Dennis Prager. I live in an America where the executive branch has people to tell them when an executive order is unconstitutional. In my America the President has read the constitution, the most sacred document in our country, along with the Bible. The President agrees to the separation of powers and knows that the judiciary does have the power to overturn his orders.

I'm Dennis Prager, and in my America Presidents don't single out minorities as criminals. No President of mine would threaten to publish lists of all illegal aliens who commit crimes because that would give the false impression that illegal aliens are a high crime risk. Publishing lists like that smacks of fascism and in America, the President is wise enough to know that will lead to attacks against those people and people like them who are here legally.

In my America, the President gives the Jewish people a passing mention when he makes a speech for Holocaust Remembrance Day. No President of mine would leave them out entirely and later admit that it was on purpose. Because he would know that leaving the Jews out is a signal of support to a section of anti-Semitic America.

In my America, the America of Dennis Prager, the President doesn't sit down with individual corporations like Carrier and strong arm them into keeping jobs in the United States. That's a textbook example of fascism.

I'm Dennis Prager, and maybe the fascist tendencies I see in Donald Trump aren't real fascism yet. He's got many policies which will liberate corporations from excessive regulation. That's an awfully bright light for our future.

Maybe our government is strong enough to hold up against a child who doesn't know the difference between a President and a king. I have to hope so. But meanwhile, I'll denounce each small step toward fascism I see, just as I did when Obama and Clinton were in office. Because I'm the well-learned Dennis Prager. I have a Jewish history and so I know more than most people about the treatment of Jews and other despised minorities in fascist countries around the world. I'm uniquely positioned to recognize the stories that history is telling us. It's not about my race, I just happen to know more than you. I'm Dennis Prager.

I know that the Germans all said "It can't happen here." That rings true to me. I know it's my job to be the bellwether of danger coming.

On the other hand, I'm Dennis Prager. I've built my reputation as a stalwart of the right. And this President was elected by the right, my very own audience. I'm invested in Trump. And so maybe I'll just toss that all out the window. Other people can warn us about Trump. I'm trying to compete with Limbaugh here, I can't go sticking my neck out. 

I'm Dennis Prager, and I endorse this President. He won, stop complaining.
